hello there and welcome to my channel
this tutorial will show you how to make
the slip stitch after you have completed
your chain you insert your hook below
the chain the next chain right here wrap
the yarn over your hook just like that
pull it through that chain and put it
through the chain on your hook just like
that now insert your hook below the next
chain wrap the yarn over your hook pull
it through that chain then through the
chain top of your hook
you'll put your hook through the next
chain wrap yarn over your hook and pull
it through both loops
insert your hook below the next loop
grab the yarn over your hook pull it
through the loop and the next
and this is how you slip stitch on your
chain
insert your hook
below the last loop
and this is how you slip stitch this is
how it should look like thank you for
watching